The time has come for the list with the best
applications and games for android
android apps have been posted
dot com collection with raul nei power
plants or the application quite
interesting where he teaches
origami for you to make your own
paper planes there are dozens of
ac models and airplanes that you can
create and just have one sheet of yours
imagination
the second major highlight of the week is
the instagram that now has support
videos you can make videos up to
15 seconds and post directly there
region
for he came to compete with vanity
that twitter
representing the games
the game qat of the hill of sa lei together with
the release of the film for the
is a shooter in the same style tried
It is where you have to run around behind
people who stole his flag from the
University is that qat art that he
study another game in the same style is the
dest agent
Let's say it 's a long time but with
graphics here you have the
math style 007 where you have to
obviously occur and pick up the
diamonds and pass the obstacles already
It has enough phases and it 's very interesting.
it counts with 3d graphics are pretty cool
and it's worth downloading this game that
Is there a play lake that was launched
during this week
cpu z is a well known software
for pc where you can identify
All I have is your smartphone's radio now
in android version you can
identify the architecture of your
can you identify the
speed her clock as well as gpu
you have access to the system that
you will see with the android version the
amount of ram
the available screen resolution ram and
information about the battery with a
percentage that she is up to
temperature and the will it consumes
usually an application 13 for
to know how is yours is there
smartphone
the next tire is the application
developed by a Brazilian
It's a little game called tatters.
mathematician the game quite simple no
you can help kids and improve their
this math technique for example
here you have to get the numbers
pairs after the simple
after multiples of 2 multiples 350
and as you go from one level and
It gets harder and you have
let's think fast there
in mathematics the game is really cool there
for the girls of the hi maps is a
application is made by NDrive but
most prominently is that it is
free of charge or is one of the few
gps browsers there is an android
which was released this week which is an account
with maps and offline
he saw it when you first start it
Are you going to download both the
maps are about 200 mega map for
you access the office online you already go
women's voices too.
in Brazilian Portuguese he counts on
all the functions of the first GPS
how he traces the route
you have alternate routes it shows
also radars which is a a function
interesting you have routes to walk
walk beyond
you have places of interest such as
restaurants place to sleep setra
you also have the list with all the
your path is the application
Completely there for android gps
mainly the fact of being
free is very good sound a very play
addictive game very fun
the bike game and this is the game with graphics
simple that the first instance can
until it seems like a game with the child but
just play with it a little
that you will not get normal is a
game that will increase the difficulty there
It's a difficult game but it's okay.
challenging and in extremely addictive
think the great aspect of him there he
I was using a paid pro application
about $ 2 is already on google play for
close an application that understands that
this request that is Troy himself said
it serves for what to connect to
proxy servers, for example in the
company where you work the great
advantage you can put
automatically is login and password or be
different from those of the
own native android function you
will not only be able to access the internet
but also how to access applications
who use the internet just put
here a new proxy server put the
this the user password put the option
auto connect ready and ready
to connect to proxy servers
very interesting application
so this is it folks this was
this week with the best
applications if you liked any
young woman was going to sign up for our channel
and there are two other videos here is happening
until now you'll definitely like it
click around and watch what you want